Master eyes this big scum
Lied to me so badly
Don't be sad.
I heard he brought October back tonight
What!
Is there no way to get a divorce?
Is he that impatient?
No. Go back
Hahaha, master, calm down.
A man like the negative fourth master is not worthy of you at all
It's not for you.
Like this fuchastie
I don't treat you with all my heart
Xiaoyan, why do you consider me so much?
I wanted to use him
Help us with dark phase operation in the re-examination.
Now it seems
There's a better way.
Yes, if they divorce and die again
I am really willing to give 10% of the shares to the academy
You can do something in a hurry.
Get it in your name
It's not just about transcending radiation
You set up to swallow them step by step
If it weren't for him
We won't be so embarrassed
Mom made you suffer with me all these years
But don't worry.
What our mother and son endured
I want to distance him
Bear it all